The requirement set is given below: 
1. To build a smart chatbot on top of Large Language Model (LLM)- driven chatbots like ChatGPT that uses transformers like GPT3. The aim is to assist the user through a digital assistant to provide answers to all queries the user and reduce the time and effort while navigating to any part of the PGRKAM digital platform. 
2. The system should be able to intelligently addresses text and voice queries in Punjabi/English/Hindi around job search, skill development and foreign counseling along with recommending jobs based on the candidate’s preference. A multilingual screen reading module could be added for better query handling. 
3. The app will also be able to maintain candidates’ history and preferences to add a level of personalization for better recommendations. Expected Outcome User should be able to chat/read/listen and discover any information pertaining to job, skill development or foreign counseling on smartphone or laptop computer.


It is desired that an analytics tool similar to Mixpanel/Kissmetrics/Google Analytics be developed/integrated to the PGRKAM app to enable the administrators to track the users’ behavior and actions. It is desired that the following details be captured by the tool: 
1. Channel where the user spotted the PGKAM advertisement. 
2. Demographics of users. 
3. Webpage/service accessed/information consumed by the users. 
4. Job suggestions based on a potential match in job requirements and skillsets of registered users 
5. Collective analysis of success/ failure rate of the user profile with respect to job requirements for better future suggestions along with job recommendations using algorithms like Genetic Algorithm or Collaborative Filtering or any other recommendation algorithm 

The details are expected to be displayed using better visualization tools to enable the teams to analyze how and why people engage, convert, and retain—in real-time, across devices—to improve their user experience. Expected Outcome User movement and user behavior should be successfully tracked across the PGRKAM app and website for timely reporting and analytics pertaining to user profile, behavior, and experience